War Rules:
Place your bets using the chips located at the bottom.
When you like your bet click the 'WAR' spade in the middle of the screen.
The game will show a card on the left (your card) and a card on the right (dealer card).
The goal of the game is to have a higher card then the dealer to win the game and 2X your bet.
If you have a card valued less then the dealers, you lose the game and your bet.
If you tie then money is returned to you.
Card values are as shown:
Ace = 14
King = 13
Queen = 12
Jack = 11
10 to 2 = Value on card
Good Luck!


Blackjack Rules:
Place your bets using the chips located at the bottom.
When you like your bet click the 'DEAL	' spade in the middle of the screen.
The game will give you (left) and the dealer (right) 2 cards, one of the dealers will not be shown.
The value of your cards are in the top left and the value of the dealers shown cards are in the top right.
The goal of the game is to get the closest to 21 and not go over or else that is a bust and you lose.
Card values are as shown:
Ace = 1/11 (if value is over 21 if ace is 11 then it becomes a 1)
King, Queen, Jack and 10 = 10
9 to 2 = Value on card

Dealer Rules:
Dealer must stand on 17 to 21
Dealer goes over 21 it is a bust
Dealer is under 17 it must hit unless you busted before hand
Dealer blackjack beats player blackjack

Buttons:
'Hit Me!' guves you another card 
'Stand' means you like your hand and now want the dealer show his card
'Double Down' means you want to double your bet in exchange for one card (it is an auto stand after this hit)

Ways to Win:
If you are dealt an Ace with any 10 value card of the first deal and the dealer did not then you have a blackjack.
If your score when you stand is higher then the dealers when he is done dealing himself.
If dealer goes over 21 after you stand.

Ways to lose:
Dealer gets blackjack
Dealer gets better score after you stand
You bust on a 'Hit' or 'Double Down'

Payouts:
Blackjack = 3:2
Normal = 1:1
Double Down = 2:1

Scores will be updated after each hit for player and dealers will be updated once a finishing score is dealt.

Good Luck!
